c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\Bin\Debug\CoffeeOuch.dll
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\Bin\Debug\CoffeeOuch.pdb
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\Bin\Debug\CoffeeOuch_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\obj\Debug\CoffeeOuch.g.resources
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\obj\Debug\CoffeeOuch.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\obj\Debug\CoffeeOuch.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\obj\Debug\CoffeeOuch.dll
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\obj\Debug\CoffeeOuch.pdb
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\obj\Debug\About.g.cs
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\obj\Debug\Coffee.g.cs
c:\users\scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\obj\Debug\Ouch.g.cs
C:\Users\Scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\obj\Debug\Map.g.cs
C:\Users\Scott\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\CoffeeOuch\CoffeeOuch\obj\Debug\OuchDetail.g.cs
